I feel a frustration a constant whisper
that I am no closer to achieving my
dreams mister that's Shelley beautiful
isn't he just how old are you then old
enough to know why you are asking from
only you I felt alive come away with me
oh you're really involved with that
whole monk I have a fire in my soul and
I will no longer allow you or anyone
else to contain it
who amongst you has ever wondered if the
dead could return to life is that really
possible
reanimation we've been invited to Geneva
I Lord Byron would you like to join me
in the parlor miss okay I have no hole
with you becoming lovers do you wish to
be with someone else I no longer see the
world and it's works they before
appeared to me and men appear to me as
monster we are each to write a ghost
story it's a competition the woman is
not intelligent enough to form ideas of
her own that's funny you miss odd when I
have the chance to prove me wrong
don't you recognize Victor Frankenstein
this is no ghost story it chilled me to
the bone you must get your story
published marry curious subject matter
for young lady are you suggesting the
work belongs to mr. shell it is my story
you dare question a woman's ability to
experience loss betrayal death if I have
not learned to fight through the anguish
I would not have out this voice my
choices made me who I am
[Music]